In the last section, we made a little change to our Docker file and then tried rebuilding the image.
The good news is that NPM is now clearly being included inside of our container, and so it's attempting
to install dependencies.
However, NPM itself very quickly threw out a error message right here, complaining that there is no
file called package JSON available.
Now, just in case you weren't around or you kind of skipped over the section where we put together
the package JSON file together, that is a file inside of our project directory right here.
Its purpose is to list out all the different dependencies that are required to successfully run our
project.
So when we run NPM, install, NPM is going to try to find this file.
It's going to find all the dependencies that are listed, and then it's going to try to install each
of those.
So clearly the issue here is that MPM is not finding that file.
So let's talk about why it is.
All right.
So a quick diagram.
We've looked at this one before.
We've got our container on the right hand side.
We've got the steps out of our Docker file.
And then down here is a little representation of the node alpine image that we're making use of.
So let's imagine what is going on inside of our image building process right now.
First off, we specify node alpine that downloads the Alpine image or the node image to be precise.
And then the next step starts up and it says, okay, I'm going to go back to the previous step and
get the image from there and then create a temporary container out of it.
So as soon as run NPM install starts to boot up, we can imagine that we take this file system snapshot
right here and we kind of put it into this very temporary container and then we execute NPM install.
Now, I got a quick question for you.
Do you see anywhere inside of this file system right here?
Do you see a package, JSON file?
Well, the answer is no.
There is no package JSON file available inside of the container.
The only files and folders that are available inside the container is exactly whatever came out of the
file system.
Snapshot from the node image.
Remember, we are only working with a segment of our hard drive inside this container.
There's this entire other rest of the hard drive.
Kind of like not connected inside this container.
And somewhere inside the rest of the hard drive is where our packaged JSON file is, and that is not
at all being communicated into the container.
And so we do successfully run NPM install, but there just plain is no packaged JSON file available.
So the takeaway here is that when you are building an image, none of the files inside of your project
directory right here are available inside the container.
By default, they are all 100% sectioned off, completely segmented out.
They are not at all available.
And you cannot assume that any of these files are available unless you specifically allow it inside
of your Docker file.
So as you might guess, that's exactly what we're going to do.
We're going to add in one line of configuration to our Docker file to make sure that both our indexed
JS file and packaged JSON file are available inside the container when we try to run the NPM install
command.
Let's take a quick pause right here and then we're going to add in that additional instruction in the
next section.